[FREETYPE][FTFD][DOC] Update FreeType to 2.10.0 from 2.9 (#7786)
reactos/reactos: sdk/lib/3rdparty/freetype/TechNote.txt

# Technical notes on ReactOS FreeType 2.10.0

- FreeType in ReactOS is a static library. ftfd.dll (win32ss/drivers/font/ftfd) actually uses FreeType.
- As usual for 3rd party libraries, the parts that differ are wrapped by #ifdef __REACTOS__ ... #endif.
- Stack size is limited, so we have to use malloc/free instead of large stack variables.

> - malloc/free in ftfd.dll are stubs implemented in win32ss/drivers/font/ftfd/rosglue.c.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- malloc/realloc/free in ftfd.dll are wrappers implemented in win32ss/drivers/font/ftfd/rosglue.c.
```

Author: Fixed.

- FT_Bitmap_Convert_ReactOS_Hack function is an extension of FT_Bitmap_Convert function.
  This hack function is (currently) needed for ReactOS text output.
- Now we can use FT_ENCODING_NONE for FT_Select_Charmap on FON/FNT files.
- Jamfile's and Makefile's in source are useless for ReactOS (search and delete).

> - ft_jmp_buf must be 16-byte-aligned on AMD64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Deleted.
